Cool, here's some emerging research areas,
although everything's emerging research.
So, just some things to keep you busy.
One thing that I think is
interesting is re-ranking.
Highly recommend looking up re-ranking.
I talked a little bit about this, but
this is you get the results
back from your vector database.
You still need to rank them based on
how relevant they are according to
the original user message, cuz the vector
database doesn't know anything about
relevance, that's a big thing.
Creating feedback loops, highly recommend
incorporating that into your app so
you get that free data for
your golden data set.
Evals, evals, evals, look, start with
evaluation, please do your evals.
And yeah, from there, it's all about
identifying specific use cases,
getting data and things like that.
So there's a lot to learn, but again,
it's just more of the same of
what I just taught you today.
There isn't anything new.
It's just a new technique to
do this thing, increase RAG,
make this eval number go up.
Make it faster, make it cheaper.
Error handling, that's really it.
A better way to do human in the loop,
but you understand human in the loop.
So, everything is just from here on out
it's just keeping up with the new ways
that folks are doing it and
figuring out if that's relevant for
your implementation or not and
being aware of all this stuff.
So, this right here, is literally so much
is a team of people doing all this stuff.
So, again, having this skill set
I think is extremely relevant.
And I think going forward, I think
a lot of this is gonna be required for
a lot of people in my opinion.
I think you're just gonna have to know
this stuff because having an LLM stack in
your company is gonna be
synonymous with having Postgres.
So I think you're just gonna
have to know this stuff.
And right now there's specialties,
people are specialists at this.
But I think eventually this is gonna be
a generalist thing that everybody just
knows how to do.
Just like in 2012, if you were a frontend,
you never touch the backend.
Now, I don't even know if there's even
such a thing as just frontend anymore.
You kinda just do everything and really
just frontend, only frontend is probably
a designer that knows how to code, whereas
most frontend people can definitely spin
up a full stack app and
set up Postgres and do stuff like that.
Whereas in 2012 there was no way your
frontend engineer was ever gonna do that,
they would probably never
even touch Firebase.
Well, Firebase was 2013, 2014,
but still, it's different.
So I think a lot of people will
be doing a lot of this stuff.
So, any other questions?
>> Student 1: What do you think about SDKs
for LLMs, like Vercel's or LangChain?
Do you think OpenAI is all
you need to launch an AI app?
>> Scott Moss: I personally do not
recommend, so I can't talk too much
about Vercel's AI SDK cuz I haven't used
it since when they first made it and
it was a preview.
I thought it was cool back then,
and it probably is good now.
From what I understand
from their documentation,
their AI SDK is heavily geared towards
using it in a Next.js environment.
Actually have this really
cool thing in there.
Let me show you.
I think this is really cool.
You can give your AI a render function
the same way you would give React a render
function.
You can use a generator to send back and
stream back a React component,
which works pretty much only in
Next,js because of server components.
So that's really cool.
So if you're using Next.js in Vercel,
yeah, I would check out the AI SDK.
I think it's really cool.
It looks like they have a lot more things
in here now than what they did have.
As far as LangChain, I personally would
never use it, I think it's an overkill.
I think the patterns are bad.
It looks like the AI SDK has really good
patterns because it's people who know
JavaScript.
The LangChain SDK looks like people who've
never written JavaScript in their life,
only use Python, and then ran all
their code through ChatGPT and said,
turn this to JavaScript.
That's what it looks like.
Honestly, the abstractions that
they have are just so insane to me.
I don't know anybody uses it.
So, me personally, no,
I would never use LangChain.
Vercel AI looks really cool.
I might give it another look.
But I I'm not using Next.js right now,
I'm using a mobile app, so
I don't think I'll get
a lot of the value from it.
But for me, I think just using
the OpenAI SDK is probably the best move.
They're kinda like the Tesla
charger of OpenAI SDKs.
Everybody just uses their standard, so
if you wanna swap out to Anthropic,
you change out the URL,
you change that API key, you're done,
everything's the same,
assuming the same for functionality for
those models, and
every model is just adhering to that.
So I would just use
OpenAI SDK in my opinion.
Maybe there's some tiny mom and
pop open-source things out there that
hasn't blown up that are quite useful and
they do one thing very well.
Go check those out.
But for the most part,
no, just OpenAI SDK.
>> Student 2: For doing evals on real user
input, do you need to have a mechanism for
users to grade your output such
as like a thumbs up, thumbs down?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, exactly,
almost every chat app has that.
They have a thumbs up or
a thumbs down to indicate whether or
not this was the expected input.
That way, they can annotate that or not.
And frameworks,
>> Scott Moss: Let me see,
Humanloop, humanloop.com,
it's a prompt tool thing.
They have this ability, you could do that
as well, so you can collect the data.
They even give you APIs for
you to hit when someone hits thumbs up or
thumbs down.
I mean, Braintrust does this too.
Almost any tool that helps you do evals
and stuff is gonna have that ability.
So yeah, if you're doing evals,
you need to collect that feedback and
try to encourage users to
do it through some way.
For instance, thumbs up, thumbs down
is cool, but almost nobody presses it.
So, we're experimenting with different
ways to incentivize the user to tell
us things.
So one thing that we're thinking
of doing is showing the user
an accuracy score of how
accurate their assistant is, and
then once a week send them a push
notification like, hey, it's been a week.
Do you wanna review my work for the week?
And then,
we kinda just go over this email came in,
I said it was important,
do you agree, yes or no?
And then it's a swipe thing, and
they can just do that really quickly, and
they can see their score go up and down.
So it's kinda gamified, but it's giving us
that data to be, they didn't expect this,
they did expect this, they did expect
this, they didn't expect this.
And we get that data for free.
So trying to create some incentive for
them to label that data for us.
And then maybe, hey,
if you get your accuracy to 90%, you know,
we'll give you a cuz because it's cheaper
for us if your thing is more accurate.
So that might be an incentive.
You got to play around with it.
You gotta figure out what works for you,
but yeah, you definitely wanna do that.
Okay, well, if there are no
other questions, that's it.
Thanks for coming to the course and
I hope you all have learned a lot about
getting AI LLM apps into production.
>> [APPLAUSE]